Congratulations, friends!
We are now the pure 1%.
We are the ones taking
the necessary steps to move forward.
We're hacking reality wide open.
Throughout millennia, humanity
has undergone tremendous leaps in development.
But humans themselves have remained exactly the same.
Today, a typical smartphone
is faster, has a larger and more powerful brain
than all the humans who lived
in the past ten thousand years combined.
Why?
Because it has no body!
And believe me, friends,
when I tell you,
we are chasing after that reality.
I now understand that mere androidification,
technological assimilation,
that's not a sufficient leap in development.
Purified embryos, no, that's not enough.
We must find a way
to finally break free from our organic shells.
Let our bodies remain here,
alongside the remaining 99 percent.
We will use our bodies
in our energy generator.
But our consciousness... will live on.
We'll upload our consciousness to the web.
And thus, each of us
becomes the center of our virtual universe.
We will no longer be burdened
by physical thoughts, no longer
concerned with social ties or offspring.
Everyday life's obligations won't constrain us,
we'll never fall ill.
We'll never tire.
Our knowledge will be boundless.
And most importantly...
We will live forever.
Only us, this 1 percent.
Around us, a world is emerging
that reflects our image and caters to our needs.
Make no mistake.
Before we get there,
others will try everything
to drag us down with them.
They'll laugh at us.
Those Neanderthals!
They're jealous, they're scared,
because they can't reach
beyond stagnation, right?
They can't reach the next level
of the evolutionary chain.
If necessary, we must prepare for war,
because we must protect our principles,
protect ourselves from the stagnation virus.
Trust me.
And I will take you there.
00:
Trust me.
And we will be invincible.
And I will lead you to the threshold of the future!